## git hooks ignore add

Adds a pattern to the ignore list.

### Synopsis

Adds a pattern to the ignore list.

By default the modifications affect only the user ignore list.
To see the path of the user ignore list,
see the output of `git hooks ignore show --user`.
To use the repository's ignore list use `--repository`
with optional `--hook-name`.

To see the namespace paths of all hooks in the active repository,
see `<ns-path>` in the output of `git hooks list`.

The glob patterns to add given by `--patterns <pattern>...` will match
the namespaced path `<namespacePath>` of a hook.
The namespace paths to add given by `--paths <ns-path>...` will match the full
namespace path `<namespacePath>` of a hook.

#### Hook Namespace Path

The namespaced path of a hook file consists of
`<namespacePath>` ≔ `<namespace>/<relPath>`, where `<relPath>` is the
relative path of the hook with respect to a base directory
`<hooksDir>`.
Note that a namespace path `<namespacePath>` always contains
forward slashes as path separators (on any platform).

The following values are set for `<namespace>` and `<hooksDir>`
in the following three cases:

For local repository hooks in `<repo>/.githooks`:

- `<hooksDir>`  ≔ `<repo>/.githooks`
- `<namespace>` ≔ The first white-space trimmed line in the
                   file `<hooksDir>/.namespace` or empty.

For shared repository hooks in `<sharedRepo>` with url `<url>`:

- `<hooksDir>`  ≔ `<sharedRepo>`
- `<namespace>` ≔ The first white-space trimmed line in the
                    file `<hooksDir>/.namespace` or the first 10 digits
					of the SHA1 hash of `<url>`.

For previous replace hooks in `<repo>/.git/hooks/<hookName>.replaced.githook`:

- `<hooksDir>`  ≔ `<repo>/.git/hooks`
- `<namespace>` ≔ `hooks`

#### Glob Pattern Syntax

The glob pattern syntax supports the `globstar` (double star) syntax
in addition to the syntax in 'https://golang.org/pkg/path/filepath/#Match'.
Also you can use negation with a prefix '!', where the '!' character is
escaped by '\!'.

```
git hooks ignore add [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help                  help for add
      --hook-name string      The action affects the repository's ignore list
                              in the subfolder `<hook-name>`.
                              (only together with `--repository` flag.)
      --path stringArray      Specified path fully matching a hook namespace path.
      --pattern stringArray   Specified glob pattern matching hook namespace paths.
      --repository            The action affects the repository's main ignore list.
```

### SEE ALSO

* [git hooks ignore](git_hooks_ignore.md)	 - Ignores or activates hook in the current repository.

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra 
