## git hooks config

Manages various Githooks configuration.

### Synopsis


Manages various Githooks configuration.

git hooks config list [--local|--global]

    Lists the Githooks related settings of the Githooks configuration.
    Can be either global or local configuration, or both by default.

git hooks config [set|reset|print] disable

    Disables running any Githooks files in the current repository,
    when the `set` option is used.
    The `reset` option clears this setting.
    The `print` option outputs the current setting.
    This command needs to be run at the root of a repository.

[deprecated] git hooks config [set|reset|print] single

    This command is deprecated and will be removed in the future.
    Marks the current local repository to be managed as a single Githooks
    installation, or clears the marker, with `set` and `reset` respectively.
    The `print` option outputs the current setting of it.
    This command needs to be run at the root of a repository.

git hooks config set search-dir <path>
git hooks config [reset|print] search-dir

    Changes the previous search directory setting used during installation.
    The `set` option changes the value, and the `reset` option clears it.
    The `print` option outputs the current setting of it.

git hooks config set shared [--local] <git-url...>
git hooks config [reset|print] shared [--local]

    Updates the list of global (or local) shared hook repositories when
    the `set` option is used, which accepts multiple <git-url> arguments,
    each containing a clone URL of a hook repository.
    The `reset` option clears this setting.
    The `print` option outputs the current setting.

git hooks config [accept|deny|reset|print] trusted

    Accepts changes to all existing and new hooks in the current repository
    when the trust marker is present and the `set` option is used.
    The `deny` option marks the repository as
    it has refused to trust the changes, even if the trust marker is present.
    The `reset` option clears this setting.
    The `print` option outputs the current setting.
    This command needs to be run at the root of a repository.

git hooks config [enable|disable|reset|print] update

    Enables or disables automatic update checks with
    the `enable` and `disable` options respectively.
    The `reset` option clears this setting.
    The `print` option outputs the current setting.

git hooks config set clone-url <git-url>
git hooks config [set|print] clone-url

    Sets or prints the configured githooks clone url used
    for any update.

git hooks config set clone-branch <branch-name>
git hooks config print clone-branch

    Sets or prints the configured branch of the update clone
    used for any update.

git hooks config [reset|print] update-time

    Resets the last Githooks update time with the `reset` option,
    causing the update check to run next time if it is enabled.
    Use 'git hooks update [enable|disable]' to change that setting.
    The `print` option outputs the current value of it.

git hooks config [enable|disable|print] fail-on-non-existing-shared-hooks [--local|--global]

    Enable or disable failing hooks with an error when any
    shared hooks configured in `.shared` are missing,
    which usually means `git hooks update` has not been called yet.

git hooks config [yes|no|reset|print] delete-detected-lfs-hooks

    By default, detected LFS hooks during install are disabled and backed up.
    The `yes` option remembers to always delete these hooks.
    The `no` option remembers the default behavior.
    The decision is reset with `reset` to the default behavior.
    The `print` option outputs the current behavior.

```
git hooks config
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for config
```

### SEE ALSO

* [git hooks](git_hooks.md)	 - Githooks CLI application

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 5-Jan-2021
